ddoSutil is a small collection of Linux scripts designed to deal with minor to moderate ddos attacks.  Modern DDOS attacks have the ability to attack various resources, therefore ddoSutil comes with 
a combination of scripts intended to deal with different attack methods.  

(License)
------------------------------------------------------------
GPL v3

(Modules)
------------------------------------------------------------
1)  ddoSutil-geoIP.sh [bash]
	. The GeoIP scripts blocks connectivity from a particular country.
	. Easy to use, can unlock/block country with single command.
	. GeoIP database is automatically updated.
	. Fast operation, takes less than one minute to block an entire country.
	. Works out of the box (uses IPTables chains)
	. Most DDOS attacks originate from another country, therefore blocking can be effective.

2)  ddoSutil-harden.sh [bash]
	. The harden script implements several basic preventative measures.
	. Implements:  SYN Filtering, Forwarding(off), ICMP filtering and spoof protection.
	. Configures IPTables to restrict the amount of connections per IP address in the SYN state (port 80).
	. Configures IPTables to set a hard quota on the amount of connections per IP address (global).
	. Options can easily be independently enabled or disabled.

3)  ddoSutil-gpblock.sh [bash]
	. Often DDOS attacks will make get/post requests to invalid resources i.e site.com/a?38383.
	. The gpblock.sh module scans Apache style log files for these requests,
	. When a request that matches is found, we add the offending IP adress to a blocked list.
	. Configurable, can define the number of requests to a resource per IP address before adding to blocked list.
	. Easy to use, ability to edit/remove block lists or add to existing.
	. Works out of the box (uses IPTables chains)

4) ddoSutil-refblock.sh [bash]
	. DDOS attacks can come from a select few referrers.
	. refblock allows you to define who these referrers are.
	. refblock then finds all the IP addresses associated with a particular refferer and blocks their connectivity.

5) ddoSutil-mySQLrecover.pl [perl] 
	. DDOS attacks that seep through to the database layer often overload mySQL server.
	. mySQLrecover.pl is effective at killing slow/hung queries bogging down a mySQL server.
	. Configurable ability to set threshold (in seconds) to define which queries to kill.

6) ddoSutil-deflate.py [python] - Integrated DDOS deflate support.
	. Implements DDOS deflate into Python.
	. Improved performance and usability.
	. Integrates with existing ddoSutil scripts.

